# Comments in Code

### Comments in code are great to write down notes to remember what is going on.<br>
### They tell the computer what to ignore when it is running the program.  In the example below, all of the lines starting with '#' will be ignored<br>
### Over time, they can be helpful for others to understand what you are trying to do and help you remember what you have done.  For now, just know that they exist and if you see them in a program, read them as they may contain helpful information<br>
### To make a comment in python, put a # in front of a line to make a comment and the computer will ignore it as seen in the example below:

```python
# This is a comment
# This is another comment
# This is a third comment
# This is a fourth comment
# ^ these lines were generated by an AI btw

# outputs "Hello World"
print("Hello World")
```

<br>

## Strings and Print Statements

In python, most text is known as a **String**<br>
In order to print out a string, use the print command<br>

<br>

### Example: <br>
- `print("Hello World!")` will output "Hello World!"
- `print('Hello World!')` will work with single apostrophes.  As long as the quotation marks/apostrophes match it will work<br>
- `Print("Hello World!")` will NOT work because `print` is capitalized. <br>
- `print(hello world!)` will also NOT work because the message is not in quotation marks.<br>

<br>

## Advanced Usage

Using a backslash \ will tell python to print it literally and not count it as a mark.<br>
In the following line, without the \ in front of " this line would not work. <br>

### Example: <br>
- `print("A wise man once told me \"Always remember to eat your vegetables\"")`
- `print('I can\'t do that')`

<br>

### TODO: Print out a 5 line story using 5 different print commands, one of which with quotation marks or apostrophes.  Please try this out before going any further.

<br>

### In addition to being useful in quotes, the backslash can also provide different utilities<br>
- \n will start a new line
- \t will create a tab

<br>

`print("First line \nSecond Line")`<br>
`print("I wish I was tabbed \t Tabs!")`<br>

### TODO: Now take that same story and print it using only one print command